throughout 12 poker filled days 7310
players made the long hard walk away
from the Rios Amazon room with heavy
hearts but not everyone left that way
nine men emerged to make the destruction
and chaos and as they wait for the day
that they must take each other on they
carry on the main event hopes and dreams
of thousands 57 events 56 champions but
there is one left to discover the most
coveted prize in the poker world is on
the line a world series of poker main
event bracelet 8.9 million dollars and
the title of world champion
here is your november nine and their
chickens and the chip leader is jonathan
duhamel 22 year old french canadian
jumps into Hamels biggest cash in his
poker career came at the 2008 European
poker tour in Prague when he finished
10th 450 3928 dollars the former finance
student has also already made the money
in two events at this year's World
Series Jayson Santi left his job as an
electrical engineer to take on the poker
world his biggest cash was at the 2000
in line WSOP 10k heads-up World
Championship where he came 32nd for just
under 18 thousand dollars Santi also
instructs at the training site blue fire
poker American John reznor is probably
one of the more familiar players at the
final table the young professional has
lifetime winnings of 1.7 million dollars
our sole European on the final table is
Filippo can do his first six bigger
score came at the start of 2009 when he
took down the italian championship in
San Remo for 185 thousand dollars joseph
chung has lifetime winnings of just
under three hundred and eight thousand
dollars he has two career titles one
from a 2009 min EF tops event and
another from a WSOP circuit event this
year soy win has lifetime winnings of
156 thousand dollars and this was his
very first World Series of Poker he only
played the main event but now is said to
win at least eight hundred and twelve
kyle's and dollars
John Dolan is not far from having a
million dollars worth of lifetime
winnings most of his scores are online
and whatever happens this will be the
biggest cash of his career our second
Canadian is Matthew Jarvis his biggest
cash to date with 20 1199 dollars for
finishing 11th in the 2000 line fefe
poker championships
one of the names on many people's lips
this series is the grinder Michael
Mizrachi has just under 9 million in
lifetime winnings and that includes his
1.5 million dollar win in this series
50k Players Championship he made three
other final tables this WSOP including
the biggest in his life the 2010 WSOP
main event it's not quite time for the
end of this story we must wait until
November when one man and one man only
will take all the pride honour and glory